THE FOLLOWING IS FOR ASSIGNMENT 6.
ASSIGNMENT 7 INSTRUCTIONS ARE FARTHER DOWN THE FILE.

HOW TO USE OUR PROGRAM:
the method we recommend to use this program is to run our ImageMain method, and supply "start" if you
would like to use interactive scripting to load and control images, or supply a text file name in
the command line to execute the commands listed in the text file.

Supported Script Commands:
"load" + filepath (as a string): loads an image into an image model (only ppm, jpg, png files)
names the layer "layer" + the layer number. Sets the loaded image to current

"save" + output file name + ".extension" : saves the image as the file name + the extension
(i.e. save llama.jpg would save the image file as a llama jpg file.) If the image is multiple
layers, it saves every layer incrementing in index (i.e. llamaImage1.jpg, llamaImage2.jpg) as well
as a text file describing the file path to these images as name + "path.txt"
(as in llamaPath.txt containing the filepath to llamaImage1.jpg and llamaImage2.jpg).

"blur" + layer name (to be filtered): blurs the layer and sets it to current.
"sharpen" + layer name (to be filtered): sharpens the layer and sets it to current.
"sepia" + layer name (to be filtered): applies sepia filter to the layer and sets it to current.
"greyscale" + layer name (to be filtered): applies greyscale filter to the layer and sets it to
current.

"addLayerFromFile" + filepath (as a string): adds a layer to this image model (single or multi
layer), making the newest layer current and makes the name "layer" + the layer number.

"removeLayer" + layer name: removes the layer from the multi layer model. does not save file if there
are no image layers, instead throws an exception.

"setCurrent" + layer name: sets the current layer in the model to the specified layer.

"flipTransparency" + layer name: flips the specified layer's transparency value (either transparent
or not).

Some notes for easier use:
All inputs ARE case sensitive (so users are able to save images with the cases they want.)
You may only operate on an image that has been loaded. You may only load one image at a time.
not supplying parameters as specified above will cause exceptions to be thrown.  



ASSIGNMENT 7:
the method we recommend to use this program is to run our SwingMain method. In the command line,
supply "-text" if you would like to use the command line for active scripting to load and control
images. Use "-script", then specify the filepath if you would like to supply a text file name in the
command line to execute the commands listed in the text file. Lastly, use "-interactive" to activate
our GUI to load, operate on, and save files.

The supported script commands are as listed above, and do not include the new shrinking and mosaic
image processing methods, as we are not required to. To utilize these methods, please use our GUI.

HOW TO USE OUR GUI:
To use our gui, begin by selecting a file. You will do this by selecting the "open file" button at
the top of the GUI, which will open a file opening menu for you to select a JPG, PNG, PPM, or text
file. The text file must contain the filepaths of multiple images for a multi layer model, as
specified in the previous assignment. The file you select will open as an image in the "Showing an
image" field below the open file button.

You may then operate any of the following operations as desired:
ADDING A LAYER: hit the "add layer" button in the "Image Layers" panel in the middle of the page,
which will open a file menu similar to that of "open file." select the same types of files as listed
above, and the image(s) will be added as layers to the model.

SELECTING A LAYER: hit the dropdown menu directly at the top of the "Image Layers" panel, and select
which layer you would like to set as current, and operate on.

REMOVING A LAYER: the "remove selected layer" button in the "Image Layers" panel will remove
whatever layer is selected as current in the dropdown menu.

APPLYING THE 4 DEFAULT FILTERS: in the "Filtering" panel in the lower center of the GUI, first,
select a filter to apply by hitting the "Select a filter" button, and then choosing one of the 4
filters from the menu. Once a filter is selected, the text field next to the "Select a filter"
button should display the filter you selected. hit the "Apply Filter" button to apply the filter to
the image, and you can hit it as many times as you would like to apply the selected filter
repeatedly to the image. To change the filter, simply press the "Select a filter" button again, and
select a different filter from the menu.

USING SHRINK AND MOSAIC: In the Shrink and Mosaic panel towards the bottom of the GUI, there are 2
additional panels: Shrink, and Mosaic.
To shrink an image, simply set the ratios in the text fields to whatever x and y ratio value you
would like. Then hit the "shrink! button"
To make an image a mosaic, set the field in the mosaic panel to whatever number of seeds you would
like to break the mosaic into. Then hit the "make mosaic!" button to apply the change.
As with the filters, you may click "shrink!" and "applyMosaic!" as many times as you would like to
process the image more and more. Simply change the fields to change how the processing is applied.

SAVING YOUR FILE: to save your file, hit the "Save file" button at the bottom of the GUI. This will
open a file save path menu. Type the name of your file as you would like it to be saved, select the
filepath you would like to save the image to using the various menu features, and hit save to save
your image to that location. 

EXITING:
to quit the program, simply hit the exit button at the bottom of the GUI, or the red X on the top
left of the window.

OTHER: you can minimize and full screen the GUI using the yellow and green button at the top left of
the window, respectively.
your image should update automatically in the Image panel of the GUI as you apply the edits.

